HAPPY 10TH MONTHSARY to you Jo
Future wifey HAHAHA. I LOVE YOU MORE THAN ANYTHING.
First of all Jo I would like to say Im sorry for everything I have done to you this last few days, im sorry if sometimes sobrang makulit na ako sayo jo. But, even there are times na medyo nagkakaroon tayo ng problem, But I want you to know that I really do Love you so much Jo. I’m so glad that we did it again, trials in life made us weak these past few days, it came to our way like unexpectedly, we fought for it, and trying to give out our best. I know for a very short time we have stuff that we don’t really understand what’s going on, for the fact that i don’t even get a chance to hug you , kiss you, wake up next to you, and see you every day, but whatever it takes, for this short period of time that we’ve been together, i learned to love you so deeply inside my heart.. Learned to forgive you when you did something.. Learned to accept who or what you are.. Learned to dream about having you in my life forevermore.. Learned to sacrifice my pride.. Learned to smile whenever I’m sad… and last but not the least i learned to appreciate what you’ve done. ..

I am praying and I am hoping that everything will be alright. And pray that you’ll never gonna say goodbye, to hope that whatever argument we’re having, you’re still there for me, holding on.. to wish the impossible things in life.. i learned to feel the true love with you .

This 10 months that we’ve been together proving that we really can, we can make things possible, we can put a smile on our face, we can understand each other weaknesses, and i know we can make our relationship last forever

I really do love you.. Really do care for you .. And I really want you to be not just in my life, but in my future life.

Thank you for making me feel this way, and i love you so much jo, more than anything

It is hard to ignore the feelings i have for you, it is so deep as the waters, as strong as winds, so tell me , how can i even let you go now? When i know that i can’t even do it. Loving you is my joy and i promise that i will not exchange you for anything, and i just want you to know that you are my hope and my dream that is coming true (◕ᴗ◕✿)
I really don’t know what to say here. Haha! I wanna tell you lots of things jo , it’s just that I don’t know how to start. Hmp! didn’t I say that already during our 1st monthsary?! it feels the same adik ko or dik ko hehehe; and I’m hoping it would stay the same until our 15th monthsary, 30th, 45th, 60th, and so on until forever! not the fact that I’m not able to tell you the things that i really wanna say, but the feeling that no matter how much I write you letters, I still couldn’t get the right exact words to express how much I love you because words aren’t just enough. I bet you’re smiling right now.

this is my 76 of my Messages for you Hope you Like it HAHAHAH corney ko ge na nga i got'u babi(・∀・)